hello today my holidays
the sea she is waiting for the valley of death
I don’t really want something on Orion
death chopped
you know what for wolf
I'll take a swim for a while.
all enjoy
today place me assimilate wolf and
so I gave him one opponent 4
whole I will go out to his opponent today
in creative, well, what do you like
this monument it stands for burnt then
there is a dead monster
well let's go if you have god will go
fight it first battle
she battle one wolf
which we get with knives
for which are called the wolf's shoulder oh
hit the beam now call covers
jison
it is the same and we beat the wolf as a hall and
and here we have failed Windows pink
pebbles thanks wolf cub you will win
yell clever yes again I'll show you
bent what to wait is listed
lean the Czech Republic log into battle
generally very simple tsukuri
well for milk comes serious
boy
one sand spider and bye all
mouse
still not helped here you will make 1 more spider on
only with small losses
again the wolf is alive tired now black spider
silverfish 2 look great wolf again
well god enjoy
do not forget to subscribe to my channel
next time gave the dispersion to achieve
I will go for a walk to understand
[music]
OK